OKTA-806883 - Deprecate remaining hook apis from vuepress (#5086)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/release-notes/2020/index.md

#### Bugs Fixed in 2020.02.0

> * When using the [SAML assertion inline hook](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/InlineHook/#tag/InlineHook/operation/createSAMLAssertionInlineHook), if there was an optional attribute statement configured for the app and the attribute statement had no value specified, commands returned from SAML inline hook responses were not applied. (OKTA-263494)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When using the [SAML assertion inline hook](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/InlineHook/#tag/InlineHook/operation/createSAMLAssertionInlineHook), if there was an optional attribute statement configured for the app and the attribute statement had no value specified, commands returned from SAML inline hook responses weren't applied. (OKTA-263494)
```
